DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel,
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, Yougotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MAG MEL: Good work, Anubias, your powers...
have served us well; however, I'll be taking them now.
ANUBIAS: [gasp] [grunt, pain reax]
But I'm not finished my battle with Kussssssoooo!
ANUBIAS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Anubias! Come on! You gotta fight it!
ANUBIAS: I can't his powers are too strong for me!
ANUBIAS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Behind the Mask
[laser blasts and explosions in the distance]
DAN: You ready, Drago?
DRAGO: You bet!
DAN: Ability activate!
Thor Buster!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: That's right!
DAN: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Now that we have the gate and the key, Razenoid,
our resurrection is nearly complete,
and our plans for domination can commence.
MAG MEL: And no one will be able to stop us.
MARUCHO: Are you sure?
Mag Mel is going to try and take over Earth?
DAN: Ya, I overheard him tell Razenoid he was going to use...
Bakugan Interspace as his command central.
TRISTAR: Well, we have to do something!
SHUN: Can we contact the outside world yet?
MARUCHO: I've tried every method I know but still nothing.
DAN: We can't let that stop us.
ALL: Huh?
DAN: We have to take Mag Mel and Razenoid down for good.
It's our only option!
RAFE: But we're stuck in here.
DAN: Then I'll link up with Mag Mel.
RAFE: Mentally?
DAN: Yeah. It's the quickest way...
to find him and take him out.
RAFE: But Dan, is it even possible?
DAN: I haven't got a clue, to be honest.
But I gotta at least try, right?
SHUN: No way.
DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: Every other time you've linked up with him,
it's nearly ended in disaster.
MARUCHO: Shun's right.
DAN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: And not to mention the risky degree...
to which you're suggesting making this next link up...
could leave you in danger of getting...
stuck in his dimension.
PAIGE: Huh? For real?
RAFE: Plus during the link up you're comatose.
We can't afford to lose you.
If the Chaos Bakugan decide to attack again you'll be toast.
DAN: Huh, it's a risk we're just gonna have to take.
ALL: [gasp]
DAN: You're all making good points,
but seriously guys, we don't have a choice.
I mean we're down to the wire here and time is running out.
It may be dangerous, but at least I know...
that all of my friends have got my back!
SHUN: [gasp]
Well, I guess you're right.
RAFE: If you really think it's the best way, we're with you.
PAIGE: Do what you need to do, boss man.
PAIGE: We've got you covered.
MARUCHO: I better find a way to get us out...
of Interspace quickly.
SOON: Mistress...
SELLON: You should enjoy your final moments of life because...
soon the Earth will be destroyed under his wrath,
and you along with it.
[evil laughter]
SOON: [sobs] CHRIS: [gasp]
SOON: [crying]
CHRIS: C'mon Soon, we gotta keep moving.
[mighty roar]
CHRIS: This is really bad!
C'mon, we gotta get out of here!
Soon! Come on!
CHRIS: [screams]
CHRIS: [gasp]
CHRIS: Hey! Aren't you...?
NOAH: Your knight in shining armour.
NOAH: Ability activate!
NOAH: Tetrablaster!
CHRIS: [gasp] Whoa!
NOAH: You okay guys?
CHRIS: Uh, yeah. We're okay.
Hey, aren't you with Team Anubias?
NOAH: I was.
CHRIS: Noah, that's right I remember you were...
the one who was always acting scared.
NOAH: Well things are completely different now.
I'm here to help you get out of here.
SOON: How is a coward, like you, going to help us?
CHRIS: Soon! That's not very nice!
NOAH: Well to answer your question, ma'am,
I'm going to battle any Chaos Bakugan...
that stands in your way.
I'll provide the distraction while you find a way to escape.
SOON: [sniffles]
[mighty roar]
NOAH: [gasp] Go, run for it!
I'll keep them occupied!
CHRIS: Are you crazy?
You can't fight all of them by yourself.
BEN: He's not by himself, sweetie!
NOAH: Ben!
BEN: You didn't think we'd miss all the fun, did you?
JACK: Hahaha! When did you get so tough, huh squirt?
ROBIN: Heads up!
BEN: Ability activate!
BEN: Slopton!
ROBIN: Ability activate!
ROBIN: Omnipole!
JACK: Ability activate!
JACK: Interboost!
ROBIN: Noah!
JACK: Take 'em down!
BEN: Right now!
NOAH: Ability activate!
Tetrablaster!
BEN: Yeeeeeeeaaaaah!
SOON: Why...why even bother?
What's the point in fighting when the ones we trusted...
most turned their backs on us?
BEN: Hah! I may have fought under Anubias,
but I didn't fight for him, sister!
BEN: If you're gonna pack it in just 'cos your boss...
turned out to be a creep then maybe you...
were never fit to battle in the first place!
JACK: Yeah, we still fight because we're...
Bakugan Battle Brawlers to the core.
ROBIN: Right, Noah?
BEN: [gasp]
NOAH: You bet!
BEN: Hmmmph! Okay, girls! Get ready to run!
CHRIS: [gasp] Okay!
C'mon Soon!
SOON: [gasp]
CHRIS and SOON: [panting, running reax]
CHRIS: [panting] The Battle Brawlers base camp,
I don't think we should go in.
DAN: Okay Mag Mel, I'm coming for you.
DAN: I just need to clear my mind and concentrate.
DAN: All I need's a little focus and we'll...
DAN: [gasp]
Did we link up?
DRAGO: Yes. It appears so.
DAN: Weird it looks like...
DRAGO: ...Bakugan Interspace. Only darker.
MAG MEL: Of course it is.
DAN and DRAGO: [gasp]
DAN: Mag Mel!
MAG MEL: I suppose a welcome is in order,
now that you have found your way to the dark...
reverse dimension of Bakugan Interspace.
DAN: What's that?
DRAGO: The two dimensions are flipsides of the same world,
one positive, one negative.
RAZENOID: And thanks to you we've now been able...
to join them through this little link we share.
DRAGO and DAN: [gasp]
RAZENOID: [evil laughter]
MAG MEL: I hope you enjoy the destruction...
that's about to unfold.
DAN: As if! We're shutting you down!
MAG MEL: Ability activate!
Flash Eclipse!
RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Generation Shield!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
MAG MEL: Dreadeon come!
[energy crackles]
DAN: [angry grunt] Get ready, pal!
Haaaaaah!
[energy crackles]
[heavy ground impact]
[computer beeps and trills]
DREADEON: In my Master's name, I will destroy everyone...
and everything in my path.
ZENTHON: I have been summoned by my Masters...
to stop you and crush you where you stand, you filthy insect!
DAN: Mag Mel! This ends now for good!
MAG MEL: Those will be the last words you utter, Kuso!
Haaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Whoooooaaaa!
DRAGO: Dan!
RAZENOID: Don't lose focus, Drago!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Whoa!
Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] You caught me sleeping,
but now I'm wide awaaaaaaake!
DAN: [gasp] Hmmmph!
MAG MEL: So that's how you want to play! Very well boy!
DAN: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
MAG MEL: Hmmmmmmmmph!
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
RAZENOID: I'm going to grind your bones to dust, Drago!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Not a chaaaaaaance!
RAZENOID: [grunt, exertion reax] How did he just do that?
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DAN: Hmmmph!
MAG MEL: What are you smiling at, vermin?
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Zenthon!
ZENTHON: I will obliterate all your enemies!
MAG MEL: I'll finish you!
DAN: Come and get it.
Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: We're taking Mag Mel down for good, Drago!
MAG MEL: Soon you'll be nothing but a memory, Kuso!
CHRIS: Don't worry, Soon I'm sure Noah and the others...
will be back for us eventually.
SOON: Who cares. It's all so hopeless.
CHRIS: No, it's not. [gasp]
CHRIS: Oh no! Not again!
SOON: Just let them eat us and be through with it.
CHRIS: [gasp] Huh?
CHRIS: [gasp] The Battle Brawlers!
SHUN: Rafe! Paige! Hit it!
PAIGE and RAFE: You bet!
PAIGE: Ability activate!
PAIGE: False Motion!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: That's it, Boulderon!
RAFE: Now Wolfurio!
Spear Aegis!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Kazami-style Slash Tornado!
[mighty roar]
SHUN: Oh no!
TAYLEAN: They're coming out of the ground now!
RAFE: We're cut off!
SHUN: [gasp] Hmmmm?
ROBIN: Maybe we can help out a bit and run some interference.
PAIGE: Awesome!
Ability activate!
PAIGE: Hyper Sway!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Hmmmmph!
PAIGE: Shun! We've got this!
SHUN: Thanks, Paige!
TAYLEAN: Look up there!
SHUN: [gasp] Let's go, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: On it!
CHRIS: But, why would you help us after...?
RAFE: We're not just protecting you two...
PAIGE: Dan and Drago are inside the base.
RAFE: Our priority is to keep them safe!
RAFE: Right now those guys are our only hope...
of getting out of Bakugan Interspace in one piece.
RAFE: So be quiet and stay out of our way.
BEN: These suckers just keep coming! Haaaah!
PAIGE: Hmmmph! Hah!
CHRIS: Hmmm?
SHUN: [panting, exertion reax]
SOON: What's the point? We'll never win.
SHUN: Not with an attitude like that.
SOON and CHRIS: Mistress...
CHRIS: We can't let her poison everything Soon.
SOON: Huh?
CHRIS: We're here and she's gone.
Now there's true goodness around us.
We just have to open our eyes to it.
CHRIS: And join the fight against Mag Mel, the true evil.
What do you say? Are you up to it Soon?
SOON: [gasp]
CHRIS: That-a-girl!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Kazami-style Phoenix Twister!
SOON: Such grace.
CHRIS: Yeah, I know right? See it's not all bad.
SOON: I suppose you're right.
Perhaps we've found a new light.
SHUN: Huh?
CHRIS and SOON: Hey Shun!
SOON: We would like to join with you.
CHRIS: That is if you'll have us?
SHUN: Hmmph. Let's go!
CHRIS and SOON: Right!
MARUCHO: Why can't I do this?
MARUCHO: I've tried every configuration I know of,
and then a few more and still I can't figure it out.
TRISTAR: Calm down, dude.
MARUCHO: I can't.
I need to get a message out to the real world.
DYLAN: You just need to accept the fact...
that not all puzzles can be solved.
At least not by a human like you.
MARUCHO: Dylan!
DYLAN: You should just give up,
and go join your friends for one last battle.
DYLAN: [chuckle]
MARUCHO: Can't be solved by a human?
MARUCHO: It sounds to me like you think...
you're a lot smarter than a human like me,
is that right?
DYLAN: Of course.
MARUCHO: Then why don't you prove it by solving...
the problem that's been baffling me this whole time.
Show me how to get a message to the outside world.
MARUCHO: If you think you can?
DYLAN: Hmmmph.
DAN: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
MAG MEL: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Barodius?
DAN: [gasp] So you're alive, huh?
DRAGO: What?
MAG MEL: No. Barodius is dead,
and now the mighty Mag Mel lives.
DRAGO: So that means...?
RAZENOID: Yes, and I was once Dharak, but not anymore.
DAN: What happened to you?
MAG MEL: What you see before you is an amplified version...
of my old self.
A super manifestation of all anger and hatred...
that once fuelled me, kicked into overdrive...
after I came into contact with the Sacred Orb.
DRAGO: It looks to me like Code Eve took your evil thoughts...
and encased you in them.
MAG MEL: Silence fool!
What Code Eve did was use her powers to banish me...
to this reverse dimension. But little did she know...
Kuso and I shared a link. I was able to store the power...
you exerted from each battle you fought,
until I had enough power to surpass even Code Eve,
and could break free of her flimsy shackles.
DAN: I beat you once before, Barodius!
And I'll do it again, you understand?
MAG MEL: I highly doubt that, I doubt that very much, Kuso.
DAN: Then, bring it!
MAG MEL: With pleasure!
Razenoid!
RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar]
[heavy ground impacts]
[computer beeps and trills]
DAN: Is that all you got?
DAN and DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
ZENTHON: [rising mighty roar]
[heavy ground impacts]
ZENTHON TITAN: I am Zenthon Titan,
here to unleash my fury upon any who oppose my Masters.
[computer beeps and trills]
DRAGO: Come on Razenoid! Let's see what you're made of!
RAZENOID: You're going down, Drago!
DREADEON TITAN: I will annihilate you!
ZENTHON TITAN: My three blades say otherwise!
DAN: Let's go, Mag Mel!
Haaaaaaaaah!
MAG MEL: Hmmmph!
Haaaaaaah!
DAN and MAG MEL: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [angry grunt] You're toast!
DAN and MAG MEL: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO and RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar]
MAG MEL and DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Huh?
MAG MEL: Hmmmph! See you soon.
DAN: Mag Mel!
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: [gasp]
Dang it!
Huh?
SHUN: Hey.
DAN: Huh?
NOAH, ROBIN, BEN an JACK: [chuckle]
DAN: What are those guys doing here?
SHUN: Don't worry about that, now.
How'd the link-up go?
DAN: We found him and we battled him, but in the end...
DRAGO: ...we lost the link and he got away.
PAIGE: That stinks!
DAN: Yeah, but at least we know where he and Razenoid...
are hiding out now.
RAFE: We do? Where would that be?
DAN: The dark reverse dimension of Bakugan Interspace;
created by Code Eve as a prison for him,
except now he is able to get out.
SHUN: Seriously?
DAN: There's more. We found out Mag Mel's true identity.
Turns out he's... Barodius!
PAIGE: That old creep?
DRAGO: Yes, the former Emperor of Gundalia.
BOULDERON: I thought those guys were history.
PAIGE: Aw Man!
SHUN: So this place how exactly do we get there, Dan?
DAN: Without a link I don't know.
MARUCHO: Okay, Dylan. Do your thing.
DYLAN: [chuckle] With pleasure.
[key click]
MARUCHO: Alright. This better work!
KYOSUKE: What if we can't get them out.
KATO: Don't worry, sir. I'm sure there must be...
a way for us to rescue them from Bakugan Interspace.
KYOSUKE: I hope so.
KYOSUKE: Huh?
MARUCHO: Hey Dad, is that you?
KYOSUKE: Yes son!
TRISTAR: Awesome! The kook really knew what he was doing!
KATO and KYOSUKE: Huh?
MARUCHO: Too much has happened...
to explain everything right now.
What we need to focus on is getting the Battlers...
trapped inside of here, out as soon as possible,
but I'm going to need your help.
KYOSUKE: I understand. Just tell us what we need to do, son.
MARUCHO: Okay, here's the plan...
MARUCHO: With Dylan's help we were finally able
to get a message from Bakugan Interspace to
the outside world, but Mag Mel's attack was still imminent.
Before we could deal with him though, we had to
evacuate the rest of the battlers from inside.
But then we were hit by another wave of invading Chaos Bakugan.
Things were getting so intense I wasn't sure we'd be able
to pull any of it off. Luckily we had my father and Kato
helping us on the outside. You've got to tune in
to see what I'm talking about.
I don't think we've ever faced such a tough challenge
before, but then again, the stakes have never been higher!
[MUSIC]